Update migrate-request-reply.md with correct note about field names in .proto files (#20846)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/grpc-for-wcf-developers/migrate-request-reply.md

The `PortfolioItem` class will be converted to a Protobuf message first, because the `Portfolio` class depends on it. The class is simple, and three of the properties map directly to gRPC data types. The `Cost` property, which represents the price paid for the shares at purchase, is a `decimal` field. gRPC supports only `float` or `double` for real numbers, which aren't suitable for currency. Because share prices vary by a minimum of one cent, the cost can be expressed as an `int32` of cents.

> [!NOTE]

> > Remember to use underscore_separated_names for field names in your `.proto` file. The C# code generator will convert them to PascalCase for you, and users of other languages will thank you for respecting their different coding standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Remember to use snake_case for field names in your `.proto` file. The C# code generator will convert them to PascalCase for you, and users of other languages will thank you for respecting their different coding standards.
```
nit: I'd rather use a standard term here that people can search for

Author: I am absolutely fine with either. I copied the term `underscore_separated_names` straight from the [Google Protobuf styleguide](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style). I can see snake_case is used elsewhere in the documentation, so let us stick with that. I can also see in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/grpc-for-wcf-developers/protobuf-messages#property-names that snake_case and Pascal is marked as code in the MD, so I will do that as well here for consistency.
